feat: finished first internship draft (#2)
swecc-uw/swecc-wiki: docs/member-resources/applying-to-jobs/first-internship.md

# So You Want a Software Engineering Internship

## Is it possible?

"The market is cooked", "Everyone's been coding since they were twelve", and many other variations are just some of the phrases you might hear among your peers.
While the number of software engineering jobs may be trending downwards, there are still plenty of internships and roles out there. You just have to prepare your time effectively to put yourself in the best position to get one. How? Well, that's what this guide is for – to hopefully help point you in the right direction.

## Alright, so how do I get one?

### Resumes

> One of, if not _the_, key things that recruiters use to filter candidates is your resume. The parseability and readability of your resume is extremely important. It might look nice to create a document with fancy colors and cool pictures, but this is not what recruiters are looking for. They're looking for information about you – informative but quickly scannable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of, if not _the_, key things that recruiters use to filter candidates is your resume. The parseability and readability of your resume is extremely important. It might look nice to create a document with fancy colors and cool pictures, but this is not what recruiters are looking for. They're ultimately looking for information about _you_.
```

<!-- center this image on the page -->
<!-- and add a caption that says "Bad Design!" -->
<!-- also make these two images inline (together) -->
<div style="text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: row; justify-content: center; gap: 20px;">
  <div>
    <img src="https://growthhackyourcareer.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/best-color-resume-724x1024.png" alt="Bad resume!" width="400"/>
    <p style="font-size: 0.8em;">Bad Design! ❌</p>
  </div>
  <div>

>     <img src="../../../assets/jakes-resume.png" alt="Good resume!" width="437"/>

Reviewer 2: perhaps add a link to jakes template on overleaf

Author: ok

### Interviews

> Check out the [interview prep section](../interview-prep/) for more information on how to prepare for interviews. There are many resources out there, and we have a lot of them listed in the wiki. Some of the most popular ones are [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/), [NeetCode](https://neetcode.io), and [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/). These are all great resources to practice coding problems and get used to the interview process.

Reviewer: Add smth about YouTube videos being great resources

Author: I have no experience with this so u gotta add in another PR or someone else

> [^1]: Most resumes nowadays are black and white for a reason. You might think this is for "beating the ATS", but it's just as important, [if not more](https://www.reddit.com/r/recruiting/comments/1bw5pmn/does_your_ats_really_parse_throughfilter_resumes/), to "beat the reviewer"!

Reviewer: Explain ATS somewhere?

Author: I was going off the idea that it's not really that important, and only mentioning it if people already heard of it. Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: you can add a link, e.g. _"...[ATS](https://simplify.jobs/blog/how-to-write-an-ats-optimized-resume/)..."_

Reviewer: Yeah probably just add a link to a website that talks about ATS, like Elijah said.

Author: ok
